MYTH 1: Online Classes Aren’t as Effective as Physical Learning
Yes, it is a myth that learning in online school are not as effective as learning in physical school. And it is definitely untrue that, through a virtual classroom, students cannot learn effectively. In live classes, students get the same level of education, professional teachers and discipline as they get in physical classes.
In fact, online education benefits from AI tools that help instructors in monitoring the students’ attentiveness via Smart Assessments and pinpoint problem areas in their courses. Online classes have now improved at a quick rate, and are presently good options in comparison to physical classes.

MYTH 2: Online Classes Doesn’t Offer Personal Attention of Teachers
It's absolutely untrue that you won't be given enough personal attention during an online class. Even as all is done online, plans are made to focus on every student so that they can understand the concepts. You will be told which person to contact in case of misunderstanding and you can have a video or phone call with them to clarify your concepts.

MYTH 3: You Can’t Interact with Your Teacher or Online Classmates
Despite the fact that EVERYBODY uses Instagram and Facebook these days (including your grandma), myths remain that you won’t be able to connect with others if you take an online course. It’s not 1990 anymore, folks!
Online learning platforms have evolved to include discussion rooms and video chats, and it’s likely your teacher will hold LIVE extra hours for students who need a little extra help or have questions. 
Bottom line: If you are interested to educate your child at home, Cyboard The Online School is the right choice. They have advanced AI platform where your child can ask questions and share with classmates and teacher in real time.  

MYTH 4: Online Classes Are Easier
Sorry (not sorry), but we have to dump cold water on this theory, too. Yeah, you can attend your online classes from the comfort of your home, but it will take just as much time and effort as in-physical classes. You do need to listen to lectures and do the necessary reading. You also have to complete assignments/homework and take exams. You still need to engage in class discussions.
MYTH 5: Students Lose Interest During Online Classes
To be honest, students may lose interest even while sitting in front of their teacher in the physical classroom or while doing the homework in front of their parents. It has nothing to do with a screen or online appearance but something to do with the kind of content taught to them.
MYTH 6: Screen Time or LIVE Learning is bad for Kids’ Health
Since we had been told that watching TV for long hours is bad for the eyes, it is believed that taking online classes would be bad for a child’s health as well. Please remember that the technology has now improved way more in all these years and the displays/screens come with antiglare and zero eye strain effects now. Rather than worrying about your kids’ ‘screen time,’ it is better to worry about the 'screen content.' In addition, avoid your children from playing video games all day or watching nonsensical content, and engage them to watch something education-related. 
